GUYS, I NEED TO PREP YOU
FOR A VERY IMPORTANT MISSION,
AND TO DEMONSTRATE, LEO--
ANH-DANH.
MISSION SPECIALIST DOOLEY.
WILL BE ADDING A LITTLE
MORE AUDIO-VISUAL "PIZZAZZLE"
TO THE USUAL SNOOZE-FEST.
HEY, YOU WANT A SHOW?
KICK IN THE DOUGH.
TONIGHT I'M SENDING YOU
TO GATHER INTELLIGENCE.
OH, YOU HEAR THAT, ADAM?
YOU'D BETTER BRING
A BIG BASKET.
LEO.
I WAS SATELLITE-SCOUTING
INDUSTRIAL SITES
WHEN I FOUND THIS WAREHOUSE
THAT I THINK
IS A FRONT FOR
ENVIRONMENTAL CHEMICALS.
SEE THESE BARRELS?
THEY'RE FULL
OF TOXIC CHEMICALS.
THEY'RE EXPENSIVE
TO DISPOSE OF PROPERLY,
SO THEY'RE PROBABLY JUST
GONNA DUMP THEM INTO THE SEA.
WHICH COULD HARM OCEAN LIFE
AND OBLITERATE THE COASTLINE.
( Bree laughing )
OWEN, YOU ARE SO SWEET.
YES, I WILL "BREE"
YOUR VALENTINE.
SEE, HE TOOK MY NAME
AND--
YEAH, WE GOT IT.
EVEN I GOT IT.
I DIDN'T GET IT.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
SHE'S TALKING
TO OWEN AGAIN.
HE'S AN ARTIST,
AND HE CLAIMS
THAT BREE
IS HIS MUSE.
WELL, I FOR ONE,
AM NOT A-MUSED.
( plays "Wah-wah-wah" tone )
GIMME THAT!
AND YOU, OFF THE PHONE!
UGH! FINE.
JUST TELL US
WHAT YOU INVENTED,
WHAT WENT WRONG,
AND HOW LONG TILL
IT BLOWS UP.
LOOK, THE POLICE
CANNOT BUST THESE GUYS
WITHOUT EVIDENCE,
SO I NEED YOU
TO SNEAK IN THERE
AND GATHER SAMPLES.
SHOW 'EM THE BARREL.
NOW, THERE'S ONLY
ONE SAFE WAY TO GET
THE SAMPLES,
AND LEO...
Ahem.
SORRY. MISSION
SPECIALIST DOOLEY
WILL DEMONSTRATE.
FIRST, TAKE THE CANISTER
AND ATTACH IT TO THE SPOUT.
PUSH DOWN
AND TURN 45 DEGREES...
( growling with exertion )
...TO CREATE
AN AIRTIGHT SEAL.
THEN PULL THE HANDLE.
( Bree laughing )
LOL, OWEN!
BREE!
COME ON!
WHY DO I HAVE TO
PAY ATTENTION ALL THE TIME?
STRONG. SMART. FAST.
LET'S JUST DO THIS
ALREADY.
BREE, HOW MANY TIMES
HAVE I TOLD YOU?
NO TEXTING
WHILE SUPER SPEEDING!
Narrator:
THE WORLD'S FIRST
BIONIC SUPERHUMANS.
THEY'RE STRONGER THAN US,
FASTER, SMARTER--
THE NEXT GENERATION
OF THE HUMAN RACE IS...
LIVING IN MY BASEMENT?
♪♪
YOU KNOW,
FOR A SHADY WAREHOUSE,
THIS PLACE HAS
A FANTASTIC VENDING MACHINE.
WHERE IS BREE?
IF MR. DAVENPORT FINDS OUT
SHE'S LATE FOR A MISSION,
SHE'S GONNA BE
IN BIG TROUBLE.
( text indicator beeps )
OH, SHE JUST TEXTED ME.
SHE'S WITH OWEN.
I LOVE THIS GAME!
I'M... WITH... CHASE.
MAN.
IT'S GONNA TAKE FOREVER
TO GET THESE SAMPLES
WITHOUT BREE'S HELP.
NOW, PUT YOUR GLOVES ON
AND GRAB A CANISTER.
HEY, GUYS.
GUESS WHAT.
YOU HAD A COLLISION
WITH A POODLE ON A TRICYCLE
WHO WORKS AT A PAINT STORE.
NO.
OWEN MADE THIS FOR ME.
HE SAYS THE TIRE TRACKS
REPRESENT
HOW WE'RE ALL WHEELS
IN SOCIETY'S MACHINE.
OKAY, WHATEVER.
I DON'T GET IT EITHER,
BUT THE IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT HE MADE IT FOR ME.
HEY, HEY, THIS IS SERIOUS.
YOU'RE LATE, AND YOU'RE NOT
EVEN IN YOUR MISSION SUIT.
YEAH! HOW ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO KNOW
YOU'RE EVEN ON OUR TEAM?
CAN WE JUST HURRY UP?
GIVE ME YOUR GLOVES,
STAND GUARD, AND GET
OUT OF MY WAY.
MM. BOSSY.
"HEY, BREE,
WHAT'D YOU DO THIS WEEKEND?"
"OH, NOTHING.
JUST COLLECTED
SMELLY CHEMICALS
WITH MY STUPID BROTHERS.
IT WAS SUPER FUN."
( text indicator beeps )
THAT'S OWEN!
AWW!
HE SAID HI!
( coughing )
THERE. DONE.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M GOING BACK TO OWEN.
HE'S GONNA GO PAINT
A PORTRAIT OF ME.
OOH, REALLY?
IT'S GONNA HURT
WHEN HE RIDES HIS BIKE
ALL OVER YOUR FACE.
LATER, LOSERS.
BREE, DON'T RUN
THAT WAY OUR YOU'LL...
( Klaxon blares )
...SET OFF
THE SECURITY ALARM.
QUICK! WE GOTTA GET
OUTTA HERE!
FORGET IT! LET'S GO!
WAKE UP! I WANT
A COMPLETE DEBRIEFING
OF WHAT WENT WRONG
LAST NIGHT
WITHOUT ANY GIGGLING
WHEN I USE THE WORD
"DEBRIEFING."
( laughing )
GUYS, YOU FAILED
THE MISSION. WHAT HAPPENED?
( Klaxon blares )
GET BACK IN YOUR CAPSULE!
GET BACK IN!
THE SYSTEM IS DETECTING
A HIGH LEVEL
OF CONTAMINATION
IN BREE'S CAPSULE.
WHAT? THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
HOW COULD MY CAPSULE BE...?
OHH.
OHH, WHAT?
WHAT IS "OHH"?
DUH! "O's" THE SECOND
LETTER IN THE NUMBER 10.
( snickers )
BREE, IS IT POSSIBLE
YOU WERE EXPOSED
TO SOMETHING TOXIC
ON THE MISSION?
OH, IT CERTAINLY WAS.
ACCORDING TO THIS,
BREE'S MISSION SUIT
NEVER LEFT HER CAPSULE
LAST NIGHT.
( synthesized voice )
♪ BUH-BUH-BUH BUSTED! ♪
WHY WEREN'T YOU WEARING
YOUR MISSION SUIT?
OH, I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
BECAUSE SHE WAS
OUT WITH OWEN.
SHE SHOWED UP LATE,
CONTAMINATED HERSELF,
AND THEN SET OFF
THE ALARM.
AND YOU WONDER WHY
NO ONE AT SCHOOL
LIKES YOU.
UNTIL I FIGURE OUT
EXACTLY WHAT YOU
WERE EXPOSED TO,
THE CAPSULE SHOULD
COUNTERACT THE EFFECTS
OF YOUR CONTAMINATION,
BUT YOU ARE QUARANTINED
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
QUARANTINED?
BUT OWEN'S HAVING
A BIG ART SHOW AT
SCHOOL TONIGHT!
YOU ARE NOT LEAVING
THAT CAPSULE
UNTIL ADAM AND CHASE
GET BACK IN THAT WAREHOUSE
AND FIGURE OUT EXACTLY
WHAT YOU WERE EXPOSED TO.
BESIDES OWEN'S BAD ART?
GREAT. NOW THAT WE'VE
SET OFF THE ALARM,
GETTING PAST SECURITY'S
GONNA BE EVEN HARDER.
HOW ARE WE GONNA GET IN?
Davenport:
THE SAME WAY I'M
STANDING RIGHT HERE,
AND YOU CAN'T SEE ME!
HOW'D YOU DO THAT?
( gasps )
HE'S A WITCH!
IT'S MY NEW SPATIAL
MICRO-PROJECTION
TECHNOLOGY.
DUDE, I KNOW WITCHCRAFT,
AND YOU'RE A WITCH.
NO, I'M NOT!
THIS DEVICE
SCANS YOUR ENVIRONMENT
AND USES A MATRIX
OF LIGHT PROJECTIONS
TO CREATE A VIRTUAL
ENVIRONMENT YOU CAN
HIDE BEHIND!
TAH-DAH!
IN INVENTED IT AS A 3-D
MODELING ENGINE
FOR SPACE TELESCOPES.
AHA!
SO HE'S A SPACE WITCH!
THOSE ARE THE WORST KIND.
Distract the guard
for a second
so I can scan and project
the room's image.
How?
I don't know.
Throw something
in the trash can
to make a noise
so he'll look
the other way.
Adam, not a chair!
Something small!
Really?
I'm just kidding.
About throwing you,
not about you being small.
Ha!
( clatter )
WHAT'S THAT?
WHO'S THERE?
I'VE GOT PEPPER SPRAY!
MAKE THAT BREATH SPRAY!
This is so cool.
He can't even see us.
( gasping )
IT IS PEPPER SPRAY!
AAAHHH!
FOXTROT ALPHA PICKLE.
ARE YOU RECEIVING AUDIO,
MR. DAVENPORT?
COPY THAT, PICKLE.
OKAY, BREE SAID
THE DANGEROUS CHEMICAL
SHE WAS EXPOSED TO
CAME FROM A BARREL
WITH A GREEN LABEL ON IT.
COPY THAT.
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR A GREEN LABEL.
YEAH, BREE'S
NOT GONNA MAKE IT.
WAIT A SECOND.
BREE SAID SHE WASN'T
WEARING HER GLOVES
WHEN SHE GOT CONTAMINATED.
I'VE GOT HER FINGERPRINTS
STORED IN MY DATABASE.
I'LL USE MY PRINT
RECOGNITION APP
TO GET A MATCH.
YES! I FOUND IT.
IT'S CALLED NEUROTHROXIN.
IS THAT BAD?
AAAHHH!
SO, BAD, THEN?
IT'S TERRIBLE!
EXPOSURE TO NEUROTHROXIN
INTERRUPTS THE CONNECTION
BETWEEN THE BRAIN
AND THE MUSCLES.
THERE IS NO TELLING WHAT
IT'LL DO TO HER BIONICS.
SO WHAT DO WE DO?
WELL, I CAN SYNTHESIZE
AN ANTIDOTE,
BUT YOU HAVE TO GET ME
A SAMPLE,
AND THE EFFECTS BECOME
PERMANENT AFTER 24 HOURS,
SO HURRY UP!
DUDE, I THINK
THE BATTERY JUST DIED.
OH, GIMME THAT.
OHHH!
OHHH! I'M BLINDED!
FREEZE!
BREAK-IN IN WAREHOUSE FIVE!
UNAUTHORIZED SCUBA DIVERS!
OH, BOY.
ADAM, THE GUARD'S
GONNA CATCH US!
HIT HIM WITH YOUR
SUPER STRENGTH.
BUT I CAN'T SEE!
I'LL TELL YOU
WHEN TO SWING.
NOW!
DID I GET HIM?
ADAM, BE CAREFUL,
THE FLOOR IS COVERED
IN ICE.
WHAT DO I DO?
RUN!
THE OTHER WAY!
AH, LEO, I NEED HELP.
I KNOW, BUT THIS IS
NOT A ONE-MAN JOB.
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
BRING IN A LIFE COACH.
I HAVE TO GO RESCUE
ADAM AND CHASE.
KEEP BREE IN HER CAPSULE.
DON'T LET HER OUT,
OR THE EFFECTS
OF HER CONTAMINATION
WILL MANIFEST.
GO ON YOUR MISSION,
BIG "D."
I GOT THIS.
( Klaxon blares )
I HAD THIS.
WOW, OWEN,
SO THAT WHOLE MASK
IS MADE OUT OF VIDEO
GAME CONTROLLERS?
YEP. I CALL IT "MASK
MADE OF VIDEO GAME
CONTROLLERS."
IT'S ABOUT FATE
AND HOW TRUE CONTROL
IS A MASQUERADE.
IT ALSO SCARES THE HECK
OUT OF MY MOM.
BREE, WE'VE GOTTA--
AAAHHH!
HEY, I NEED
TO TALK TO BREE.
CAN YOU GO PUT YOUR FACE
ON PAUSE SOMEWHERE?
IN LIFE, AS IN ART,
THERE IS NO PAUSE,
ONLY MOVING FORWARD.
CAN YOU MOVE FORWARD
DOWN THE STAIRS?
THAT'S THE GUY
YOU SNUCK OUT FOR?
REALLY?
YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN.
BIG "D" NEEDS YOU TO
STAY IN YOUR CAPSULE.
LEO, HE IS OVERREACTING.
I AM PERFECTLY FINE.
SEE? HAVEN'T HAD ONE
SINGLE SIDE EFFECT.
( chuckles )
THAT'S-- THAT'S NOTHING.
SEE?
I AM TRYING
TO COME OFF CASUAL
SO OWEN DOESN'T SENSE
HOW DESPERATE I AM.
IT'S NOT WORKING.
UH.
I'M GOOD.
( chuckles )
All: OHH!
SEE? THAT IS
PERFORMANCE ART.
I CALL IT "FALLING
UNCONTROLLABLY
DOWN THE STAIRS."
CAN YOU SEE ANYTHING YET?
NOPE, BUT YOU STILL
SOUND SHORT.
SO, WHO TOLD YOU THAT WE
WERE DUMPING CHEMICALS
INTO THE OCEAN TONIGHT?
IT WAS ONLY A HUNCH UNTIL
YOU JUST CONFIRMED IT.
OH, DID I?
YEAH, YOU DID.
YES, YOU DID.
OKAY, I GUESS I DID.
HA!
THAT GUARD'S AN IDIOT.
I'M OVER HERE.
OHH.
( device whirring )
YOU THERE!
RELEASE THEM!
THEY'RE COMING WITH ME!
WHO ARE YOU?
THE BOSS SENT ME IN.
THEY CALL ME...
THE IN-TERROR-GATOR!
( sinister laughter )
WHEN I ASK QUESTIONS,
I. GET. ANSWERS!
ALL RIGHT, YOU TWO,
YOU'RE COMING WITH ME.
NOT WITHOUT A FIGHT.
SETTLE DOWN, PUNK!
It's me, Davenport!
Just follow my lead!
OH, THAT HURTS!
HEY, I CAN SEE!
YOU LIAR!
YOU'RE NOT DAVENPORT!
HELLO.
( gasps )
I TOLD YOU HE'S A WITCH!
I'm not a witch!
I was wearing a cyber mask!
STOP THEM!
( gas hissing )
( all coughing )
WHY DO I EVEN BOTHER
WITH SAFETY BRIEFS?
( laughing )
UNDERWEAR!
RUN!
BREE, DAVENPORT'S
GONNA FREAK OUT.
WE HAVE TO GO.
LEO, I CAN'T EVEN
STAND UP.
EVERYTHING IS NUMB.
LOOK!
JUST HELP ME
GET OUT OF HERE
BEFORE IT GETS "WORTH."
IT'S "WORTH"!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
( lisping )
THE NUMBNESS SPREAD
TO MY TONGUE!
I CAN'T TALK!
FINALLY, A POSITIVE
SIDE EFFECT.
LEO!
LET'S GET YOU UP.
HERE WE GO.
( coughing )
OKAY.
ONCE WE GET OUTSIDE,
I'LL UPGRADE YOU TO
A NICE SHOPPING CART.
HOW'S THAT?
BREE!
THERE YOU ARE.
I'M ABOUT TO UNVEIL
THE CENTERPIECE
OF MY EXHIBIT.
ARE YOU OKAY?
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
SHE'S FINE.
YOUR ART IS JUST SO GOOD,
SHE'S GETTING...
EMOTIONAL.
( lisping )
THAT'S GOOD, LEO,
THAT'S GOOD.
COME ON. I'VE BEEN
WAITING ALL NIGHT
TO SHOW YOU THIS.
I WASN'T KIDDING
WHEN I SAID THAT
YOU WERE MY MUSE.
YOU'VE INSPIRED ME
TO CREATE
MY MOST
DEEPLY MEANINGFUL
PIECE YET.
I CALL IT "MY MOST
DEEPLY MEANINGFUL
PIECE YET."
WHOA.
THAT'S NOT
TOTALLY HORRIBLE.
WHAT IS IT?
IT'S PAINTBALL ART:
TWO THOUSAND PAINTBALLS
FIRED WITH PRECISE ACCURACY
TO CREATE A PORTRAIT
OF YOUR SISTER.
IT'S ABOUT BEAUTY,
INSPIRING MANKIND
TO REPURPOSE THE TOOLS
OF PSEUDO-VIOLENCE AS ART.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK, BREE?
HUH?
BREE?
( indistinct,
thick-tongued response )
SHE HAD THE SAME REACTION
TO THE MONA LISA.
WELL, WE HAVE TO GO.
UNH-UNH.
UH-HUH.
UH-HUH!
MNH-MNH!
AAH!
( Bree gasping )
YEAH, THAT'S ENOUGH,
THAT'S ENOUGH.
COME ON.
WE'LL TAKE IT!
BYE, OWEN!
OKAY, LET'S JUST GET YOU
BACK IN YOUR CAPSULE
BEFORE WE BOTH GET
IN A LOT OF TROUBLE.
( comical shriek )
CLEANUP, AISLE BREE.
LEO, YOU WERE SUPPOSED
TO WATCH HER!
OH, I'M SORRY.
SOMEHOW THE FASTEST
PERSON IN THE WORLD
MANAGED TO SNEAK PAST ME.
LET'S HOPE THERE'S
ENOUGH TIME LEFT FOR
THE ANTIDOTE TO WORK.
BREE, ARE YOU OKAY?
( groans )
I FEEL FUNNY.
FUNNY.
FUN-NAY.
FUNNY... FUNNY...
OH, JUST SPIT IT
OUT ALREADY!
I'M CURED!
OH! THIS IS SUCH
A RELIEF!
IT'LL BE SO MUCH MORE
ENJOYABLE TO PUNISH YOU
NOW THAT YOU'RE HEALTHY!
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
YOU COULD HAVE PUT US
ALL IN DANGER!
SORRY.
I JUST WANTED TO BE
LIKE EVERY OTHER GIRL
AND HANG OUT WITH
THE BOY THAT I LIKE.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
THE BIG DEAL IS YOU'RE
NOT LIKE EVERY OTHER GIRL.
YOU'RE PART OF A TEAM,
AND YOUR DECISIONS
AFFECT US ALL.
YEAH. BECAUSE OF YOU,
I HAD TO GO TO AN ART SHOW.
YEAH!
AND I HAVEN'T EATEN
SINCE 2:30!
ALSO, ON A LESSER NOTE,
WE ALL COULD
HAVE BEEN KILLED!
LOOK, YOU CAN HAVE
A SOCIAL LIFE.
JUST DON'T LET IT INTERFERE
WITH YOUR BIONIC LIFE.
I GET IT.
FROM NOW ON WHEN
A MISSION COMES UP,
IT GETS
MY FULL ATTENTION.
OKAY, WELL, I THINK
WE'VE ALL LEARNED
A VALUABLE LESSON,
SO LET'S JUST GO GET
SOMETHING TO EAT.
WHADDYA SAY? ALL RIGHT?
LET'S DO THIS!
( groans )
OH. FORGOT TO MENTION,
MIGHT TAKE A LITTLE WHILE
FOR THE ANTIDOTE TO GET
TO THE REST OF HER BODY,
SO EVERYBODY GRAB A LIMB.
ONE OF HER LIMBS, ADAM.
THANK YOU.
AND EVEN AFTER ALL OF THAT,
HE STILL WANTS
TO HANG OUT WITH ME!
I DON'T CARE!
WELL, EVEN THOUGH
YOU FAILED YOUR MISSION,
THE COPS HEARD THE ALARMS
AND PICKED UP THOSE
ECO VILLAINS,
SO THE OCEAN IS SAFE
THANKS TO ALL OF...
ME, ACTUALLY.
WELL, I GUESS
WE GOT LUCKY.
LUCK. SKILL.
I SAY WE JUST PUT
THIS WHOLE THING BEHIND US.
( chuckling ) OR--
I COULD PUNISH YOU
FOR ALL THE STUPID
THINGS YOU DID
BY MAKING YOU
SWEEP THE LAB.
( sinister laughter )
GUYS, COME ON!
HOW CAN YOU NOT SEE
HE'S A WITCH!
♪♪
♪ LAB RATS ♪